README.md, before:

# Basketball Youth Tournament

The Basketball Youth Tournament website is a landing page for kids between the age of 14 and 16 years old looking to play some amateur basketball. 

The website is designed to present the user with all the information about this tournament, including description and event calendar, as well as a sign up page where people can register for the tournament Selection Camp.
The page is targeted for kids who love basketball and wants to spend a summer competing in an awsome tournament.

![Responsive Mockup](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot1.png)


## Features

- **Navigation Bar**

    - The Nav Bar is consistent in both the index and sign up pages to allow for easy navigation.
    - It includes the tournament logo on the right and link to the home page, the tournament section, the calendar section and the sign up page on the left.
    - It allows the user to easily navigate through the website without having to use the browsere 'back' button.
    - The Nav Bar collapses into a hamburger style menu on mobile divices.

![Nav Bar](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot3.png)


- **Landing Page Image**

    - The landing page consiste of one big hero image and a cover text with the name and the location of the tournament.
    - It present the user with a pretty obvious clue about what this website is about, with the image being of a colorful basketball court.

![Langind Page Image](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot7.png)


- **Tournament Info Section**

    - The tournament info section contains all the information regarding this tournament.
    - It tells a little bit about the tournament in general and its goals.
    - There's also info about the selection process and the style of the tournament, with a full explanation about how it works and how the winner will be crowned.

![Tournament Info Section](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot5.png)


- **Event Calendar Section**

    - This section provides the user with the full event calendar.
    - Every part of the tournament is displayed with the date, location and time when applicable.

![Event Calendar Section](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot6.png)


- **Media Section**

    - This section consist of a YouTube video of the first edition of the tournament.
    - The user can get a better understanding of what the tournament is all about and they can see one of our courts.

![Media Section](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot2.png)


- **Map Section**

    - This section contains a Google Map of our main court.
    - Map is interactive so that the user can get easy directions.

![Map Section](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot10.png)


- **The Footer**

    - The footer section includes contact information and direct links to social media.
    - The footer also contains a direct link to the sign up page.

![Footer](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot4.png)


- **The Sign Up Page**

    - The sign up page allows the users to register for the tournament selection camp by providing their first and last name, email address, date of birth and preferred position.

![Sign Up Page](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot9.png)


## Testing

- I tested this website without finding issues on three separate browsers: Chrome, Safari and Firefox.
- The website is responsive to different screen sizes, I tested this using the chrome developer tools.
- I confrimed that all the text content on the page is readable and understandable at all screen sizes.
- I confirmed that the sign up form works, requiring all the fields to be input in order to submit.


## Bugs

**Solved Bugs**

- When i first deployed my project I realized there were a lot of issues with my media queries.
- I had to start all media queries from scratch, but in the end I managed to achieve a good responsive page on all devices sizes.

**Unfixed Bugs**

- No unfixed bugs.


## Validator Testing

- **HTML**
    - No errors were returned when passing through the official W3C validator.
- **CSS**
    - No errors were returned when passing through the official W3C validator.
- **Accessibility**
    - I confirmed good accessibility of the page by running it through Lighthouse.

![Lightohouse Score](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot8.png)


## Deployment

- The site was deployed to GitHub Pages. The steps required are as follows:
    - From the GitHub main repository, navigate to Settings page.
    - Locate the Pages section.
    - Here, select Main Branch from the drop-down menu.
    - Once selected, GitHub will generate a link to the complete website.

The live link can be found here - https://totes7.github.io/project-portfolio-one/


## Credits

- **Content**
    - The code for the social media section and for the sign up form were taken from the CI Love Running project.
    - The code for the hamburger style menu on mobile devices was written getting inspiration from the repository 'CSS-Hamburger-Menu-design' of GitHub user 'hosseinnabi-ir'.
- **Media**
    - All the images were taken from Pexels.
    - The youtube video is from the channel 'ayydee23' and is titled 'I SHUTDOWN The Court In BRIGHTON!'.

Commit message:

Update readme file with new registered.html page info

README.md, after:

# Basketball Youth Tournament

The Basketball Youth Tournament website is a landing page for kids between the age of 14 and 16 years old looking to play some amateur basketball. 

The website is designed to present the user with all the information about this tournament, including description and event calendar, as well as a sign up page where people can register for the tournament Selection Camp.
The page is targeted for kids who love basketball and wants to spend a summer competing in an awsome tournament.

![Responsive Mockup](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot1.png)


## Features

- **Navigation Bar**

    - The Nav Bar is consistent in both the index and sign up pages to allow for easy navigation.
    - It includes the tournament logo on the right and link to the home page, the tournament section, the calendar section and the sign up page on the left.
    - It allows the user to easily navigate through the website without having to use the browsere 'back' button.
    - The Nav Bar collapses into a hamburger style menu on mobile divices.

![Nav Bar](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot3.png)


- **Landing Page Image**

    - The landing page consiste of one big hero image and a cover text with the name and the location of the tournament.
    - It present the user with a pretty obvious clue about what this website is about, with the image being of a colorful basketball court.

![Langind Page Image](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot7.png)


- **Tournament Info Section**

    - The tournament info section contains all the information regarding this tournament.
    - It tells a little bit about the tournament in general and its goals.
    - There's also info about the selection process and the style of the tournament, with a full explanation about how it works and how the winner will be crowned.

![Tournament Info Section](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot5.png)


- **Event Calendar Section**

    - This section provides the user with the full event calendar.
    - Every part of the tournament is displayed with the date, location and time when applicable.

![Event Calendar Section](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot6.png)


- **Media Section**

    - This section consist of a YouTube video of the first edition of the tournament.
    - The user can get a better understanding of what the tournament is all about and they can see one of our courts.

![Media Section](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot2.png)


- **Map Section**

    - This section contains a Google Map of our main court.
    - Map is interactive so that the user can get easy directions.

![Map Section](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot10.png)


- **The Footer**

    - The footer section includes contact information and direct links to social media.
    - The footer also contains a direct link to the sign up page.

![Footer](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot4.png)


- **The Sign Up Page**

    - The sign up page allows the users to register for the tournament selection camp by providing their first and last name, email address, date of birth and preferred position.

![Sign Up Page](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot9.png)

- **The Thank You Page**

    - The thanks you page is just a quick confirmation to the user that their registration was successfull.

![Thank You Page](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot11.jpg)



## Testing

- I tested this website without finding issues on three separate browsers: Chrome, Safari and Firefox.
- The website is responsive to different screen sizes, I tested this using the chrome developer tools.
- I confrimed that all the text content on the page is readable and understandable at all screen sizes.
- I confirmed that the sign up form works, requiring all the fields to be input in order to submit.


## Bugs

**Solved Bugs**

- When i first deployed my project I realized there were a lot of issues with my media queries.
- I had to start all media queries from scratch, but in the end I managed to achieve a good responsive page on all devices sizes.

**Unfixed Bugs**

- No unfixed bugs.


## Validator Testing

- **HTML**
    - No errors were returned when passing through the official W3C validator.
- **CSS**
    - No errors were returned when passing through the official W3C validator.
- **Accessibility**
    - I confirmed good accessibility of the page by running it through Lighthouse.

![Lightohouse Score](/assets/readme-docs/screenshot8.png)


## Deployment

- The site was deployed to GitHub Pages. The steps required are as follows:
    - From the GitHub main repository, navigate to Settings page.
    - Locate the Pages section.
    - Here, select Main Branch from the drop-down menu.
    - Once selected, GitHub will generate a link to the complete website.

The live link can be found here - https://totes7.github.io/project-portfolio-one/


## Credits

- **Content**
    - The code for the social media section and for the sign up form were taken from the CI Love Running project.
    - The code for the hamburger style menu on mobile devices was written getting inspiration from the repository 'CSS-Hamburger-Menu-design' of GitHub user 'hosseinnabi-ir'.
- **Media**
    - All the images were taken from Pexels.
    - The youtube video is from the channel 'ayydee23' and is titled 'I SHUTDOWN The Court In BRIGHTON!'.
